there's no such thing as France I mean
the king of France you could say has
interests right but France doesn't have
interest you when people say oh come on
be realistic um what reality are they
actually referring to um if you're a
right-wing person you're basically
talking about violence you know take the
idea of international relations there's
institutionalists and realists right
realists are people who say that nation
states will um do whatever they have to
do to pursue their interest you know
they're essentially calculating
self-interested actors um it's the more
cynical approach but if you think about
it um you know what's realistic about
the idea of a Nation State nation states
don't exist they're completely imaginary
entities um there's no such thing as
France I mean the king of France you
could say has interests right but France
doesn't have interests um you know why
is France appear to have interest why
does France appear to be an
international actor uh well because
France can kill you I mean it has an
army um so you know it's real because it
can do destructive violent things um
this applies on every level even we talk
about real estate you know real estate
comes from it doesn't actually come from
rest the Latin word for for thing like
most of our uses of real it actually
comes from real belonging to the king
his Sovereign power ultimately owns you
know since the King has ultimate
coercive power over everything he can
take whatever he likes so that all large
heavy objects ultimately Belong To The
King